docs(other-api/adapter): add community adapters (#5254)
remix-run/remix: docs/pages/community.md

You can find (and create) examples in the [Remix examples repository][the-examples-repository].

## Community Adapters

> You can find Community Adapters int the [Adapters Documentation][community-adapters]. If you've written your own, you can [update this list on GitHub][community-adapters-github].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find Community Adapters in the [Adapters][community-adapters] section of the documentation. 

If you've written your own adapter, and think it will be valuable for others, you can [update this list on GitHub][community-adapters-github].
```

[frontend-masters]: https://frontendmasters.com
[remix-fundamentals]: https://frontendmasters.com/courses/remix/
[advanced-remix]: https://frontendmasters.com/courses/advanced-remix/
[community-adapters]: ../other-api/adapter#community-adapters

> [community-adapters-github]: https://github.com/remix-run/remix/blob/main/docs/pages/community.md#community-adapters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[community-adapters-github]: https://github.com/remix-run/remix/blob/main/docs/other-api/adapter.md#community-adapters
```
